(Richard) I'VE SEEN
A LOT OF SURGERY RESIDENTS
COME AND GO IN MY TIME,
AND THEY'RE ALL ADDICTED...
TO SURGERY.
IT COMES BEFORE FOOD,
BEFORE SLEEP.
IT BECOMES
THE MOST IMPORTANT THING...
WHAT?
NOTHING.
WELL, GO AWAY.
YOU LOOK NICE.
GO AWAY.
THE ONLY THING.
WHAT THEY DON'T KNOW
IS THAT LIVING ON THAT HIGH...
CAN EAT THEM ALIVE.
I CAN'T DO IT. (retches)
OF COURSE YOU CAN.
OH, MY GOD.
I'M GONNA HURL AGAIN.
OKAY, PLEASE DON'T,
'CAUSE I JUST GOT THE LAST
OF THE PUKE OUT OF YOUR HAIR.
WHY DO I HAVE TO DO THIS?
I'M NOT A PUBLIC SPEAKER.
IT'S NOT MY THING.
GOD, I HATE DEREK SHEPHERD.
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS TALK
ABOUT BEING A GREAT SURGEON.
TO A GIANT ROOM
FULL OF PEOPLE...
FROM A GIANT STAGE.
OH, GOD.
WITH A MICROPHONE.
SOME MAKE IT THROUGH.
THEY COME OUT
ON THE OTHER SIDE.
THEY SURVIVE
WITH THEIR SANITY INTACT.
(Switchfoot's "Always" playing)
THEY BECOME... BETTER DOCTORS
AND STRONGER PEOPLE.
I DIDN'T.
I BROKE.
I DIDN'T KILL ANYBODY.
AND I GIVE THANKS
FOR THAT EVERY DAY.
BUT I HURT PEOPLE,
AND SCARED THE HELL
OUT OF MYSELF.
♪ ALWAYS ♪
I AM 45 DAYS SOBER TODAY.
I AM RICHARD,
AND I AM A GRATEFUL
AND RECOVERING ALCOHOLIC.
I WAS TOLD
IF I WENT TO REHAB,
MY JOB
WOULD BE WAITING FOR ME.
(Derek) PENDING BOARD APPROVAL.
I'M SORRY, RICHARD.
YOU KNOW, MAYBE THEY'LL
REASSESS IN A FEW MONTHS.
I'VE BEEN AUTHORIZED
TO OFFER YOU A POSITION
AS AN ATTENDING
GENERAL SURGEON.
YOU WANT ME
TO COME WORK UNDER YOU?
YES, THAT'S THE STIPULATION.
THANKS FOR THE OFFER,
BUT, NO.
I'LL FIGURE
SOMETHING ELSE OUT.
RICHARD, IT'S LECTURE DAY,
AND I HAVE AN OPEN SPOT.
LECTURE DAY?
YOU BROUGHT THAT BACK?
LOOK, I UNDERSTAND IF YOU
DON'T WANT TO COME BACK.
BUT IF YOU'RE REALLY
GONNA LEAVE THIS PLACE,
DON'T LEAVE IT THE WAY YOU DID.
GIVE ONE LAST LECTURE.
(siren wailing)
GOOD MORNING.
(audience) GOOD MORNING.
GOOD MORNING, EVERYBODY.
GOOD MORNING.
I'M EXCITED.
(yawns)
ARE YOU EXCITED?
(audience
speaking indistinctly)
THIS IS A, UH,
TEACHING HOSPITAL.
WE LEARN A LOT BY DOING.
WE CAN ALSO LEARN--
WE SHOULD ALSO LEARN--
FROM OTHER PEOPLE'S
EXPERIENCES.
THEIR LOSSES
WILL SAVE YOU LOSSES.
THEIR MISTAKES
WILL SAVE YOU MISTAKES.
THEIR VICTORIES
WILL INSPIRE YOURS.
LET'S PAY CLOSE ATTENTION.
THIS IS GONNA BE GOOD.
DR. MIRANDA BAILEY.
(man) WHOO!
GOOD MORNING, EVERYONE.
(audience) GOOD MORNING.
(Miranda sighs)
OW.
MORNING, DR. YANG.
(laughter)
WHAT THE...
IF I HAVE TO STAND HERE,
YOU HAVE TO LISTEN.
EYES FORWARD.
ANSWER A QUESTION RIGHT,
YOU GET A CHOCOLATE.
DOZE OFF,
YOU GET BEANED IN THE FACE.
ASK DR. YANG.
MY AIM IS EXCEPTIONAL.
2003...
(computer beeps)
I'M THREE DAYS
INTO MY INTERN YEAR.
ANYONE?
ALICIA TATUM,
STATUS POST-OOPHORECTOMY
THREE MONTHS AGO,
NOW PRESENTS WITH FEVER
AND NONFOCAL ABDOMINAL PAIN.
OKAY.
WHAT DOES HER WORKUP SHOW?
(Miranda) MULTIPLE STONES
AND WALL THICKENING.
EXCU-EXCUSE ME?
MULTIPLE GALLBLADDER STONES
AND WALL THICKENING.
WOULD YOU RECOMMEND WE DO IT
OPEN OR LAPAROSCOPICALLY?
LAPAROSCOPICALLY.
(elevator bell dings)
UH, WHO SAID THAT?
WHO--WHO SAID THAT?
UH...
SIR.
MM.
YOU'VE, UH, HAD
A PRETTY ROUGH GO OF IT, HUH?
NOTHING HELPS THE PAIN.
I'VE SEEN MORE DOCTORS
THAN I CAN COUNT.
HOPEFULLY
WE'LL BE THE LAST... EIGHT.
(chuckles)
WE'RE GONNA GET
TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS, OKAY?
LET'S PREP HER FOR SURGERY.
(woman speaks indistinctly
over p.a.)
YOU.
UH, UH, MANDY.
MANDY? THAT'S WHAT
YOU'RE GOING WITH?
BOY, YOUR PARENTS REALLY
WANTED YOU TO WORK FOR IT, HUH?
DRAW SOME BLOOD AND TAKE HER
FOR HER PRE-OP X-RAY.
UH, UH, WELL,
I WAS WONDERING--
BLOOD DRAW
IS TOO MUCH FOR YOU?
NO. I CAN DRAW BLOOD.
I-I-I JUST WANTED--
YOU DON'T HAVE WANTS OR NEEDS.
YOU'RE AN INTERN--THE BOTTOM
OF THE SURGICAL FOOD CHAIN.
I AM A RESIDENT.
I'VE BEEN HERE THREE YEARS.
YOU'VE BEEN HERE THREE DAYS.
DO THE MATH. DRAW HER BLOOD.
(Meredith) IS SHE SHAKING?
HMM?
SHE'S DEFINITELY SHAKING.
(Callie whispers) OKAY.
OH, SHE'S DOING
HER PEE DANCE.
SHE DOES THAT
WHEN SHE HAS TO PEE.
OKAY, WELL, IS SHE
GONNA PEE RIGHT NOW?
MM.
(audience laughs)
OH. NO, NO, NO.
THAT'S NOT THE RIGHT...
(chuckles)
(Callie) UM...
(audience oohs and ahhs)
OKAY.
(audience murmuring)
BEAUTIFUL.
UM...
(softly) "IN MY THIRD YEAR
AS A RESIDENT, I WAS"--
(man) CAN'T HEAR YOU!
(woman) SPEAK LOUDER, PLEASE!
(louder) "IN MY THIRD YEAR
AS A RESIDENT, I...
"WAS PRESENTED
WITH A PATIENT NAMED SUNDER..."
(audience murmuring)
"ATLURI,
A 28-YEAR-OLD GRAD..."
"STUDENT FROM INDIA."
(woman speaking indistinctly
over p.a.)
UH, HEY. I'M FROM ORTHO.
I WAS PAGED.
UH...
YOU WERE PAGED BY ME.
ALEX KAREV.
YOU HAVE TO PUT ME
ON THIS CASE.
UM, HERE'S A NEWS FLASH,
OVERLY ENTHUSIASTIC INTERN GUY.
I DON'T HAVE TO DO ANYTHING.
OH, COME ON.
YOU SEEM LIKE A COOL PERSON.
YOU DON'T KNOW ME.
WELL, YOU LOOK LIKE
A COOL PERSON.
I NEED SOME COOL CASES.
OH.
EVER SINCE THE ELEVATOR THING
AND HEART GUY, IT'S JUST...
WAIT, THAT WAS YOU?
YOU'RE
THE HEART-IN-THE-ELEVATOR GUY?
(elevator bell dings)
SURE. LET'S GO WITH THAT.
YOU'RE NOT AT ALL
HOW I PICTURED YOU.
WHAT'S THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
I HEARD THE STORY--
THE HEART IN THE ELEVATOR.
IT WAS BASICALLY "RUDY,"
YOU KNOW--DORKY GUY MAKES GOOD.
BUT YOU'RE NOT DORKY.
YOU'RE HOT.
MAYBE I WAS DORKY
BEFORE I SAVED
THE COP IN THE ELEVATOR.
MAYBE MY UNBELIEVABLE SKILL
UNDER PRESSURE
TRANSFORMED ME COMPLETELY.
HMM. DID IT?
DOES THAT TURN YOU ON?
(chuckles)
NO. BUT THIS DOES.
(audience murmuring
indistinctly)
(whispers) THE CHIEF.
(murmuring continues)
UM... (clears throat)
GOOD--GOOD MORNING.
ONCE UP ON A TIME...
LONG BEFORE
I WAS CHIEF OF SURGERY,
EVEN BEFORE
I WAS AN ATTENDING,
I WAS A RESIDENT RIGHT HERE
AT SEATTLE GRACE,
JUST LIKE YOU.
YOU LEARN FROM EVERYTHING
IN YOUR RESIDENCY--
THE PATIENTS, THE NURSES,
THE ATTENDINGS.
BUT YOU DON'T REALIZE HOW MUCH
YOU LEARN FROM EACH OTHER.
(Daryl Hall & John Oates'
"Maneater" playing)
(Richard) 1982--
YOU WERE ALL IN DIAPERS.
GIVE ME THE CHART
ON 23-14.
YES, DOCTOR.
SO, DR. RUSSELL, I HEAR
YOU SHOT A 74 LAST WEEK.
YOU SHOULD COME TO MY CLUB
WHEN YOU HAVE A DAY OFF.
HERE YOU GO.
I USED TO PLAY OUT THERE
WITH YOUR FATHER.
WE'LL SEE IF YOU MEASURE UP.
OH, I'D LOVE TO, SIR.
WE GET
ANY PATH BACK YET?
NOTHING'S GROWN
OUT OF THE CULTURES.
I CHECKED THEM THIS MORNING,
SIR. I WENT TO THE LAB MYSELF.
SO, DR. RUSSELL,
IS HE STILL FEBRILE?
(woman)
WHERE IS IT?
WHERE'S
THAT DAMN CRASH CART?
I WAS CHECKING HIS WOUND
WHEN HE WENT INTO S.V.T.
WITH RESPIRATORY DISTRESS.
I CAN CARDIOVERT HIM OUT OF IT.
CHARGE THE PADDLES TO 100.
CHARGE PADDLES? WHAT THE HELL
IS GOING ON HERE?
HE'S HERE FOR A HERNIA SURGERY.
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
LOOK, THIS IS NO JOB
FOR A NURSE.
I'LL TAKE IT FROM HERE.
YOU KNOW VERY WELL
I AM NOT A NURSE.
BACK OFF.
(monitor beeps erratically,
defibrillator whines)
CLEAR.
(paddles thunk)
(beeping continues)
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
(Richard) DR. ELLIS GREY--
2-TIME
HARPER AVERY AWARD WINNER
AND MY COLLEAGUE
ON THIS CASE--
A CASE THAT CHANGED MY LIFE.
♪ YOU AIN'T GONNA GET TOO FAR ♪
LOOK AROUND.
THE BIGGEST INFLUENCES
IN YOUR LIFE
ARE SITTING NEXT TO YOU
RIGHT NOW.
♪ SHE'LL CHEW YOU UP ♪
♪ OH, HERE SHE COMES ♪
♪ SHE'S A MANEATER ♪
THIS IS GONNA GET
MORE INTERESTING.
(Meredith) YEAH.
♪ WATCH OUT, BOY,
WATCH OUT, BOY ♪
THE LATE DR. ELLIS GREY
WAS KNOWN AS A GROUNDBREAKER,
A LION.
SHE WAS THE BEST
THIS HOSPITAL
OR MOST HOSPITALS
HAD EVER SEEN.
BUT BACK THEN,
SHE WAS KNOWN AS "SUGAR"
OR "NURSE"
OR NOTHING AT ALL.
THIS MAN CAME IN FOR
A SIMPLE HERNIA REPAIR,
AND HE'S GETTING SICKER
INSTEAD OF BETTER.
YOU PEOPLE BETTER
FIGURE OUT WHY, AND FAST.
(doctors speaking indistinctly)
(woman speaking indistinctly
over p.a.)
(chuckles) GUESS IT'S JUST
YOU AND ME, KID.
SURPRISE, SURPRISE.
(Callie) OH, CRAP.
OH, COME ON.
(audience laughs)
OH, COME ON. COME ON.
(snores)
HMM!
COME ON, COME ON, COME ON.
JUST TALK.
HMM?
JUST... TELL US
WHAT HAPPENED.
(man coughs)
OKAY.
UM...
THERE WAS, UH, THIS PATIENT.
HE WANTED TO GET
HIS CLUBFOOT FIXED.
(pants)
BUT I HAD A DIFFERENT IDEA.
YOU TOLD HIM
HE COULD WALK?
YES.
I WAS IN THE PEACE CORPS.
I'VE SEEN POLIO.
I'VE STUDIED THE PROCEDURES.
YOU'RE PRIVILEGED.
SIR?
YOUR APPLICATION.
I REMEMBER IT.
I'M SAYING,
YOU GREW UP PRIVILEGED,
AND THAT PRIVILEGE
MADE YOU ARROGANT.
AND ARROGANCE
IN AN UNSEASONED SURGEON
IS A VERY DANGEROUS THING.
SIR, I DIDN'T MAKE
THIS PROMISE LIGHTLY.
I CAN DO THIS.
DID YOU PROMISE HIM
YOU'LL TRY
OR DID YOU PROMISE HIM
HE'LL WALK?
(The Go-Gos'
"Our Lips Are Sealed" playing)
ARROGANT.
♪♪
ALL RIGHT, DR. TORRES.
YOU'LL LIVE AND DIE
ON THIS.
THIS IS YOUR CAREER
AT SEATTLE GRACE.
(Ellis) HE'S SUCH AN ASS.
DR. GRACIE DIDN'T LIKE
YOUR INFECTIOUS PROCESS IDEA,
BUT I THINK THAT'S WHAT
IT'S GOTTA BE, RIGHT?
GRACIE WOULDN'T KNOW
HIS ASS FROM HIS FINGER.
IS "ASS"
THE WORD OF THE DAY?
THERE WAS MILD HEMOLYSIS
ON HIS C.B.C.
ANEMIA? RHABDO?
WAS THERE ANY HEMATURIA?
NO, BUT THERE WAS
SOME YEAST IN HIS URINE.
A CONTAMINANT.
MAYBE THE HEMOLYSIS
WAS JUST A BAD BLOOD DRAW.
EVERY DAY?
THAT DOESN'T SEEM RIGHT.
♪ ...PLAY ♪
♪ OUR LIPS ARE SEALED ♪
MM.
MM. THIS HEMOLYSIS THING
IS A RED HERRING.
I FEEL IT IN MY BONES
THAT WE'RE GOING DOWN
THE WRONG ROAD.
YEAH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
I FEEL IT IN MY BONES, TOO.
GET YOUR MIND
OUT OF THE GUTTER.
HOW CAN I DO THAT WHEN I'M
TEARING YOUR CLOTHES OFF?
OH. THINK OF THE POSSIBILITIES
FOR POST-OP FEVER--
WIND, WOUND, WATER.
WATER.
THE YEAST.
I THINK I GOT IT.
(grunts)
(Miranda)
SINGLE MOST IMPORTANT STEP...
(door opens and closes)
IN THE TREATMENT PROCESS--
ANYONE?
PHYSICAL EXAM.
NO. NO CHOCOLATE FOR YOU.
LAB
AND RADIOLOGY EVALUATION.
UH, OH, COME ON, PEOPLE.
NOW YOU'RE EMBARRASSING ME.
PATIENT HISTORY.
THANK YOU. CATCH.
♪♪
(Richard)
THERE ISN'T MUCH INFLAMMATION,
BUT THERE ARE
A LOT OF GALLSTONES.
DR. BAYLOW,
WHAT CAUSES GALLSTONES?
HIGH FAT DIETS
ARE A HUGE CONTRIBUTOR.
YES, FATTY FOODS AND?
UH, SHE'S VEGAN.
WHO'S TALKING?
I'M SORRY, SIR.
KEEP IT DOWN
OR GET OUT OF THE O.R.
SHE'S VEGAN.
SHE IS?
Y-YEAH. SHE, UH, HAS HAD
SEVERE REFLUX MOST OF HER LIFE,
UNTIL SHE DISCOVERED
WHEN SHE WAS 15
THAT A VEGAN DIET HELPED.
HER EX-BOYFRIEND,
WHO BROKE UP WITH HER
AFTER HER LAST SURGERY,
WAS A VEGAN CHEF.
WELL, THAT'S QUITE A HISTORY
YOU HAVE THERE, DOCTOR.
DR. BAYLOW,
YOUR INTERN'S
DOING A HELL OF A JOB.
♪ IN THE JEALOUS GAMES
PEOPLE... ♪
WH--
♪ PLAY ♪
♪ OUR LIPS ARE SEALED ♪
♪ PAY NO MIND... ♪
LISTEN,
YOU LITTLE MOPPET.
YOU HANG ME OUT TO DRY LIKE THAT
IN FRONT OF THE CHIEF AGAIN,
AND I WILL END YOU--YOUR CAREER,
YOUR FUTURE, YOUR LIFE.
DO WE UNDERSTAND EACH OTHER?
(exhales)
IF IT WERE UP TO ME,
YOU'D BE DOING SCUT
UNTIL YOUR HAIR TURNS GRAY.
(laughs) OH, WAIT A MINUTE.
IT IS UP TO ME.
(grunts)
(Richard) WE'RE NOT ALLOWED
TO BEAT YOU WITH STICKS.
SO WE PUNISH YOU WITH SCUT.
(audience laughs)
WE DO IT TODAY,
AND THEY DID IT BACK IN MY DAY.
DR. GREY AND I
DID MOUNTAINS OF SCUT.
MM-HMM.
TESTING TISSUE SAMPLES
WAS BORING.
BUT IT'S HOW WE FOUND OUT
OUR PATIENT HAD A FUNGUS
CALLED CRYPTOCOCCUS.
HAVE YOU TRAVELED RECENTLY
TO A TROPICAL COUNTRY,
LIKE TAIWAN OR ARGENTINA?
NO. I'VE NEVER EVEN
BEEN OUT OF THIS COUNTRY?
DO YOU LIVE
NEAR A BIRD AVIARY
OR ARE YOU AROUND
A LOT OF PIGEONS?
(chuckles) NO.
WHAT KIND OF QUESTIONS
ARE THESE?
WE ASKED
HIS GIRLFRIEND TO STEP OUT...
BECAUSE WE KNEW
WE WERE GONNA HAVE TO ASK
SOME PRETTY UNCOMFORTABLE
QUESTIONS.
WE SUSPECTED
HE MIGHT HAVE G.R.I.D.
DOES ANYONE KNOW
WHAT G.R.I.D. IS?
A.I.D.S.
THAT'S RIGHT.
BUT IN 1982,
IT WAS KNOWN AS...
GAY-RELATED
IMMUNE DEFICIENCY?
YOU THINK I HAVE SEX
WITH MEN?
ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MINDS?
WHAT KIND OF DOCTORS ARE YOU?
SIR, SIR--
YOU'RE SICK!
SIR, JUST CALM DOWN.
WE'RE NOT PASSING ANY JUDGMENT.
THEY'RE JUST STANDARD QUESTIONS.
GET THIS THING
OUT OF MY ARM!
SIR, GET BACK INTO BED.
YOU STILL NEED THE ANTIBIOTICS.
I'LL GET THE ANTIBIOTICS
ELSEWHERE, FROM REAL DOCTORS.
I DID NOT COME HERE
TO BE INSULTED!
AND DON'T THINK I WON'T TALK
TO YOUR SUPERIORS ABOUT THIS.
THIS WAS EARLY 1982.
WE HADN'T SEEN A CASE
IN WASHINGTON STATE, EVER.
SAN FRANCISCO
ONLY HAD FIVE CASES.
WE DIDN'T KNOW WHAT IT WAS,
AND BECAUSE IT WAS ISOLATED
TO THE GAY COMMUNITY,
THE GOVERNMENT
WASN'T FUNDING RESEARCH.
DOES ANYONE KNOW
WHEN THE H.I.V. RETROVIRUS
WAS FINALLY DISCOVERED?
UH, 1983, BUT THERE WASN'T
A TEST FOR IT UNTIL '85.
THAT'S RIGHT.
IT WAS SO NEW
THAT EVEN OUR ATTENDING
DIDN'T KNOW HOW TO HANDLE IT.
G.R.I.D.?
YOU ACCUSED A PATIENT
IN MY HOSPITAL
OF HAVING A DISEASE THAT HASN'T
EVEN BEEN PROVEN TO EXIST?
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
THAT PATIENT WASN'T EVEN A GAY.
HE'S THREATENING TO SUE US
FOR SLANDER. GOOD JOB.
YOU'RE ON PROBATION.
BOTH OF YOU.
(slurping)
(audience laughing)
(slurping continues)
(laughing continues)
PATIENT'S GETTING HARDER
TO VENTILATE.
DID YOU HEAR ME?
I HEARD YOU. SHUSH.
DID YOU SHUSH ME?
DON'T SHUSH ME.
YOU NEED TO START
TO WRAP UP.
WRAP UP?
I JUST GOT STARTED.
WE'VE BEEN WORKING
FOR EIGHT HOURS.
BECAUSE I'M TRYING
TO BE METICULOUS,
MAKE SURE I'M GETTING
A GOOD COMPRESSION.
I THINK IT'S GONNA WORK.
I'M PRETTY SURE.
"PRETTY SURE"?
(monitor beeping erratically)
HE'S GOT PERICARDITIS
AND LUNG DISEASE.
HE'S GETTING UNSTABLE.
(beeping continues)
DUDE,
DO YOU WANT HIM TO WALK
OR DO YOU WANT HIM
TO KEEP BREATHING?
(beeping continues)
(Miranda)
SUCCESSES OR FAILURES...
WHICH TEACHES YOU MORE?
(Jackson) FAILURES.
YEAH, BUT THAT WAS A GIMMIE.
DON'T GET TOO COCKY.
THE PATIENT WAS DISCHARGED,
AND A MONTH LATER,
SHE WAS BACK IN THE E.R.
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT.
SHE HAD RIGHT LOWER QUADRANT
PAIN, FEVER, VOMITING--
SYMPTOMS CONSISTENT WITH?
APPENDICITIS.
AHA. YOU GET A CHOCOLATE,
'CAUSE THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT.
BUT DON'T EAT IT YET.
PAY ATTENTION.
I DIAGNOSED ALICIA
WITH APPENDICITIS.
AND DR. WEBBER DECIDED THAT
THAT APPY
WAS GOING TO BE
MY FIRST SOLO SURGERY.
(Richard) MOBILIZE THE CECUM.
THERE YOU GO.
NOT BAD, DR. BAILEY.
(chuckles)
THANK YOU, SIR.
I'M GLAD YOU DECIDED
TO COME TO SEATTLE GRACE.
YOU WERE A STRONG APPLICANT.
PEOPLE ARE EXCITED
TO HAVE YOU HERE.
(clears throat)
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
SURGERY'S A SHARK TANK.
SHARKS HAVE TEETH.
MAKE SURE
YOU'RE A SHARK, TOO,
AND NOT A MINNOW.
S-SIR, ARE YOU REFERRING
TO MY HEIGHT?
NO, I'M NOT.
GOD MADE YOU SHORT.
WHO MADE YOU QUIET?
UM...
(exhales deeply)
THAT, UNFORTUNATELY, IS
A PERFECTLY HEALTHY APPENDIX.
WHAT?
NO INFECTION,
NO INFLAMMATION.
THE WHOLE LOWER RIGHT QUADRANT
LOOKS GOOD.
SIR, I'M...
I'M S--I'M SO SORRY.
SHAKE IT OFF. YOU KNOW, IF YOU
NEVER GET A NEGATIVE APPY,
THAT MEANS
YOU'RE NOT DOING ENOUGH APPYS.
THAT'S JUST
PART OF THE PROCESS.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S TAKE IT OUT,
AND WE'LL GET READY TO CLOSE.
(exhales)
(Callie)
I DIDN'T WANT TO CLOSE, BUT...
WE HAD TO.
SO...
WE TOOK THE... PATIENT
TO SURGERY AGAIN, AND...
WAIT, NO.
(audience murmuring)
HANG ON.
(whispers) YOU WERE THERE.
HELP HER.
THAT'S WHEN WE SAW THE DUDE
DO THE THING WITH HIS FOOT.
YOU KNOW...
THE SURGERY WAS MORE DIFFICULT
THAN I ANTICIPATED.
UH, I-I WAS ABLE TO DO
THE TENDON RELEASE.
BUT YOUR LUNGS AND HEART
WEREN'T ABLE TO WITHSTAND
ANY MORE TIME
UNDER ANESTHESIA.
SO I COULDN'T DO
ANY MORE THAN THAT.
I UNDERSTAND.
WHEN DO WE START AGAIN?
SUNDER, I'M SAYING, I...
I THINK WE DON'T.
WELL...
NOW I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
LOOK AT THIS.
LOOK AT MY FOOT.
WATCH IT.
(chuckles)
YOU DID THAT FOR ME.
SINCE I WAS 7, I HAVE
NEVER BEEN ABLE TO DO THAT.
I'VE ALWAYS BEEN DIFFERENT.
I'VE ALWAYS BEEN STARED AT.
I WANT TO WALK.
I WANT TO STAND STRAIGHT UP.
I BELIEVE
YOU CAN DO THE REST.
PLEASE.
PLEASE TRY.
(Richard) NO SURGEON LIKES
GIVING UP ON A PATIENT.
DR. GREY AND I LIKED IT
EVEN LESS THAN MOST.
BUT WHEN A PATIENT
REFUSES TREATMENT,
YOU'RE DONE.
I MEAN, WE WERE DONE.
WELL, THAT'S WHAT
WE THOUGHT ANYHOW.
(woman) I PUT IN
THE N.G. TUBE, DOCTOR.
OKAY.
DR. GREY,
LOOKING BEAUTIFUL AS USUAL.
FLATTERY WILL GET YOU
TO AN ON-CALL ROOM
IN FIVE MINUTES OR LESS.
YOU'RE ON.
(Meredith)
MOMMY! MOMMY! LOOK!
THAT'S SUPPOSED TO BE
FOR HER BIRTHDAY.
SHE WAS CRYING.
SHE MISSES YOU.
AND I GOT DESPERATE.
RICHARD.
THATCHER, HOW ARE YOU?
I ONLY HAVE A FEW SECONDS.
SHOW ME YOUR DOLL.
(pagers beeping)
(man) DR. GREY, DR. WEBBER,
STAT TO EMERGENCY.
I GOTTA GO, THATCH.
MOMMY, DON'T GO!
TAKE HER.
THATCHER, I HAVE TO GO.
MEREDITH.
MOMMY, NO.
MOMMY.
DON'T GO.
DR. GREY, DR. WEBBER,
STAT TO THE E.R.
(staff murmuring)
KAPOSI'S SARCOMA.
YOUR G.R.I.D. PATIENT
FROM A FEW MONTHS BACK.
HANDLE IT.
(murmuring continues)
I'M SORRY I...
YOU WERE RIGHT.
YOU WERE RIGHT
ABOUT EVERYTHING.
PLEASE...
HELP ME.
A HEALTHY APPENDIX--
THE THIRD SURGERY
FOR THIS PATIENT
WITH UNRELENTING ABDOMINAL PAIN,
FATIGUE AND MUSCLE PAIN.
NOW WHAT?
TEST FOR ZEBRAS.
UM, UNCOMMON DISEASES.
OKAY.
DO AN A.N.A. FOR LUPUS.
LUPUS. YEAH.
WHOA, WHAT ABOUT LEAD?
YOU TEST FOR LEAD?
GOOD, GOOD. SEE?
SOMETIMES I-IT'S NOT EASY.
SOMETIMES YOU HAVE TO BE
YOUR PATIENT'S ADVOCATE
AND PUSH TO GET THINGS DONE.
(woman speaking indistinctly
over p.a.)
EXCUSE ME, UH, DR. BAYLOW.
ALICIA TATUM
IS BEING DISCHARGED
WITH NOTHING BUT A NOTE
FOR A PSYCH CONSULT?
SHE'S SNIFFING AROUND
FOR PAIN MEDS.
SHE'S DEPRESSED,
IS HER PROBLEM.
WELL, YEAH.
MONTHS OF SEVERE, UNTREATED PAIN
CAN BE DEPRESSING.
OKAY, SMARTY PANTS.
I JUST THOUGHT MAYBE WE COULD
TEST FOR LUPUS
OR, UM, LEAD POISONING
OR LOOK,
EVEN HEMOCHROMATOSIS--
WE ARE NOT ORDERING
THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS IN TESTS
FOR SOMETHING THAT CAN BE CURED
WITH A BIG DOSE OF PROZAC.
BUT--
WHAT ARE WE DOING
WITH ALICIA TATUM?
WE'RE TURFING HER TO PSYCH
FOR DEPRESSION.
WELL, WE CUT HER OPEN THREE
TIMES AND DIDN'T CURE HER PAIN.
WOULDN'T YOU BE DEPRESSED?
OF COURSE.
B-BEFORE SHE GOES, I THOUGHT
WE COULD TEST FOR LUPUS
OR LEAD POISONING
OR MAYBE HEMOCHROMATOSIS.
HEMOCHROMATOSIS.
NOW YOU'RE THINKING.
GOOD WORK.
(Ellis) OH, MY GOD. I THINK
THAT'S AN INTUSSUSCEPTION.
I'VE NEVER SEEN ONE BEFORE
IN AN ADULT.
WELL, I SUPPOSE
WE'D HANDLE IT THE SAME WAY
AS WITH A KID, RIGHT?
DR. GRACIE, WHAT WOULD YOU DO
IN THIS SITUATION?
QUITE FRANKLY, NOTHING.
I WOULDN'T OPERATE.
THIS PATIENT'S A LOST CAUSE.
HE'S GOT G.R.I.D.
IT'S CALLED A.I.D.S. NOW.
A.I.D.S.
NO ONE KNOWS WHAT'S CAUSING IT
OR HOW IT SPREADS.
YOU WANT ME TO POTENTIALLY RISK
THE HEALTH OF MY STAFF,
MY OWN LIFE, FOR A GUY
WITH A DEATH SENTENCE?
NO, I'M NOT DOING IT.
AND I RECOMMEND
YOU DON'T DO IT EITHER.
WE TOOK AN OATH.
WE'RE SUPPOSED TO BE HEALERS.
TEN YEARS AGO,
YOU WOULDN'T EVEN HAVE
BEEN ALLOWED IN THIS PROGRAM.
DON'T YOU DARE TELL ME
WHAT KIND OF OATH WE TAKE.
(Callie) WE'D HIT A WALL.
AND, UM...
WE PLANNED A NUMBER
OF PROCEDURES.
BUT, UM...
UH, BUT THEN...
THEN I GAVE YOU
THAT ROUSING PEP TALK.
(audience laughs)
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU TOTALLY DID. (laughs)
WHAT IF I HAD QUIT
IN THE ELEVATOR?
WHAT IF I HAD FROZEN? I MEAN,
I HAD EVERY REASON TO FREEZE.
I'M AN INTERN. I NEVER HAD
MY HAND ON A HEART BEFORE.
NO REASON FOR ME TO THINK
I'M NOT GONNA DO ANYTHING
BUT KILL THAT COP FASTER.
BUT YOU DIDN'T.
NO, I DIDN'T.
I-I CUT HIM OPEN,
I CROSS-CLAMPED THE AORTA,
I STUCK MY FINGER IN THE HOLE
AND I STOPPED THE BLEEDING.
IT WAS SEAMLESS.
I WAS PERFECT.
SO PRETEND
THERE'S A BLACKOUT
AND YOU'RE STUCK IN AN ELEVATOR
AND YOUR GUY IS BLEEDING OUT.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
ARE YOU GONNA JUST QUIT?
(Meredith)
WHAT WAS THE RESULT?
DID SHE TEST POSITIVE
FOR HEMOCHROMATOSIS?
(Miranda) NOPE.
(indistinct shouting)
UH, WHAT ABOUT LIME DISEASE?
LIME DISEASE--NEGATIVE.
CELIAC DISEASE--NEGATIVE.
EVERY TEST
I COULD THINK OF--NEGATIVE.
SO I DID WHAT I'VE TOLD YOU ALL
TO DO WHEN YOU GET STUCK.
I WENT TO THE LIBRARY
AND I HIT THE BOOKS.
I HIT 'EM HARD.
I WAS RAISED TO BE POLITE,
YOU KNOW?
DON'T RAISE YOUR VOICE,
HAVE RESPECT FOR PEOPLE
HIGHER IN THE PECKING ORDER,
BE GENEROUS TO THOSE BELOW--
I WAS NOT RAISED
TO BE A SHARK.
NOW DOES THAT
MAKE ME A MINNOW?
AM I A MINNOW?
I-I REALLY DON'T KNOW.
(voice breaking)
I'M A MINNOW.
OH.
NOT BECAUSE OF MY HEIGHT.
BECAUSE I'M A MINNOW
ON THE INSIDE.
♪♪
THAT IS A SAD STATE
OF AFFAIRS, JOE.
(man) ♪ WILL YOU COME HOME?
WILL YOU COME HOME? ♪
♪ PLEASE COME HOME ♪
(Richard) HELL,
WE WEREN'T NOBLE.
WE WERE JUST MORE ARROGANT
THAN THE REST
AND HAD MORE TO PROVE.
YOUR C.T. SHOWED THAT YOUR BOWEL
HAS TWISTED IN ON ITSELF,
PROBABLY BECAUSE OF KAPOSI'S
LESIONS IN YOUR ABDOMEN.
(Ellis)
IT'S A PRETTY RARE PROBLEM,
BUT WE CAN TAKE CARE OF IT
WITH SURGERY.
WILL DR. GRACIE
BE DOING THE SURGERY?
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
I'M AFRAID
YOU'RE STUCK WITH US.
HE'S SCARED, ISN'T HE?
JUST LIKE THEM, OUTSIDE.
I CAN SEE THEM...
POINTING, MUMBLING, STARING.
SCREW THEM.
I DON'T BLAME THEM...
FOR BEING SCARED.
(voice breaking)
I'M SCARED, TOO.
I USED TO BE SCARED
THAT, UM...
PEOPLE WOULD FIND OUT
THAT I WAS GAY AND...
NOW, UM, I CAN'T EVEN
HIDE IT ANYMORE.
(cries)
I'M A--I'M A LEPER...
AN OUTCAST...
AN UNTOUCHABLE.
NO ONE WILL LOOK AT ME.
(sobs)
NO ONE WILL TOUCH ME.
(sniffles)
I WANT TO HATE EVERYONE
FOR TREATING ME THIS WAY.
BUT HOW...
HOW CAN I HATE THEM
FOR BEING SCARED
WHEN I'M THE ONE
THAT'S BEEN LIVING THE LIE?
(sniffles)
(Ellis) THIS IS YOUR CHANCE
TO CHANGE THAT.
HAVE THIS SURGERY,
LET US OPERATE.
WHAT'S THE POINT?
NO ONE RECOVERS FROM THIS.
NO ONE LIVES.
(Richard) FOR ALL YOU KNOW,
THERE COULD BE A CURE FOR THIS
THING TOMORROW OR NEXT WEEK.
LET US OPERATE.
(Callie) WE SPENT DAYS
TRYING TO MAKE THINGS RIGHT,
TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
THE BEST STRATEGY.
SO WE, UH, WE RESEARCHED
AND, UH,
PRACTICED AND PRACTICED,
AND... EVENTUALLY,
WE WERE READY.
OKAY, RETRACT
THE RECTUS FEMORIS.
WHAT ABOUT THE NERVE?
(monitor beeping erratically)
B.P. JUST DROPPED
AND HE'S TACHYCARDIC.
TORSADES ON THE MONITOR.
OH, MY GOD.
PERICARDIAL TAMPONADE?
SOUNDS LIKE.
DAMN IT.
OKAY, NOBODY PANIC.
PAGE CARDIO.
ALEX, WE NEED TO DO
A SUBXIPHOID PERICARDIOTOMY
TO DRAIN THE BLOOD
THAT'S SQUEEZING THE HEART.
IT'S LIKE A MINIATURE VERSION
OF WHAT YOU DID IN THE ELEVATOR.
SO GET A SCALPEL.
I CAN'T.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN, YOU CAN'T?
YOU ALREADY DID.
TAKE THE SCALPEL.
I-I CAN'T.
THE PATIENT IS CRASHING, KAREV.
DO THE ELEVATOR THING.
I CAN'T. I'VE NEVER DONE THIS.
IT--IT W--IT WASN'T ME.
I'M NOT
THE HEART-IN-THE-ELEVATOR GUY.
IT WAS O'MALLEY.
(exhales deeply)
OKAY. OKAY.
NO, THIS IS FINE.
WE'RE FINE.
AND YOU--
YOU'RE DOING THIS.
BUT I HAVEN'T--
JUST BECAUSE YOU HAVEN'T
DOESN'T MEAN YOU CAN'T.
GET IT TOGETHER
AND TAKE THE SCALPEL.
(monitor beeping erratically)
OKAY.
UH...
MAKE A 6-CENTIMETER-LONG
INCISION
OVER
THE XIPHISTERNAL JUNCTION.
GOOD.
(Richard) WE KNEW
WHAT WE WERE DOING WAS RISKY.
THESE DAYS WE KNOW
THAT A.I.D.S. TRANSMISSION
REQUIRES EXCHANGES
OF BODILY FLUIDS.
BUT BACK THEN
WE HAD NO IDEA.
CAN YOU GET IT FROM
CASUAL CONTACT, FROM THE AIR,
FROM SURGERY?
NO IDEA.
(water running)
POOR GUY.
LIVING A LIE FOR SO LONG.
YEAH. SHAME.
WE'RE LIVING A LIE, TOO.
WHAT?
WE SHOULDN'T BE DOING WHAT
WE'RE DOING. WE HAVE TO STOP.
NO. WE'RE NOT THE LIE.
OUR MARRIAGES ARE THE LIE.
THIS? US?
THIS IS WHAT'S RIGHT.
WE SHOULD LEAVE THEM,
RICHARD.
YOU LEAVE ADELE,
AND I'LL LEAVE THATCHER.
I CAN'T. YOU HAVE A DAUGHTER.
I CAN'T.
AND NEITHER CAN YOU.
(turns water off)
YOU DON'T HAVE TO GO IN THERE.
I CAN DO THIS ALONE.
YOU HAVE MEREDITH
TO THINK ABOUT.
YOU'RE JUST LIKE
THE REST OF THEM.
YOU HAVE
A DIFFERENT SKIN COLOR,
BUT IT TURNS OUT,
YOU'RE JUST LIKE THEM.
ELLIS--
I GAVE BIRTH TO A CHILD,
RICHARD.
THAT MAKES ME A MOTHER.
IT DOESN'T MAKE ME INEPT.
IT DOESN'T MAKE ME
LESS OF A WOMAN.
LESS OF A SURGEON.
NO MATTER HOW MUCH
EVERYONE WANTS IT TO.
(turns water on)
ALL MY RESEARCH
DIDN'T HELP.
DR. BAYLOW
SENT THE PATIENT HOME.
SO I THOUGHT SHE'D WON.
I THOUGHT, YOU KNOW, MAYBE
I WASN'T CUT OUT FOR THIS GAME.
BUT A COUPLE OF MONTHS LATER...
(thermometer beeps)
ALICIA?
OH, THANK GOD.
A FAMILIAR FACE.
WHAT HAPPENED?
THE PAIN GOT REALLY BAD.
THEY SAID MAYBE I HAVE SOME SORT
OF OBSTRUCTION OR SOMETHING
FROM THE OTHER SURGERIES.
THEY WANT TO GO BACK IN
AND TAKE ANOTHER LOOK.
MANDY...
(voice breaking) I DON'T THINK
I CAN TAKE IT ANYMORE.
PLEASE TELL ME
THIS SURGERY'S GONNA HELP.
THEY'RE GONNA FIND SOMETHING,
RIGHT?
(Faded Paper Figures'
"Metropolis" playing)
UH... JU--
D-DON'T TOUCH HER.
UH, I KNOW YOU'RE--YOU'RE HERE
TO TAKE HER TO THE O.R.,
BUT, UH, DON'T TOUCH HER.
(Lexie) SO YOU CANCELED
YOUR RESIDENT'S SURGERY?
ISN'T THAT A LITTLE BOLD?
WELL, SHE WAS WORRIED
ABOUT ADHESIONS, RIGHT?
GIVE ME CANDY.
(audience laughs)
NO ADHESIONS. NO CANDY.
AND IT WASN'T BOLD, GREY,
IT WAS STUPID.
BUT IN THIS CASE,
IT WAS ALSO NECESSARY.
WHERE DO YOU GET OFF
CANCELING MY SURGERY?
WHEN I PAGED YOU--
YOU WORK FOR ME. GOT THAT?
YOU LISTEN
TO WHAT I HAVE TO SAY.
ARE YOU AT ALL FAMILIAR WITH
WHAT SURGEONS DO, DR. BAILEY?
WE CUT.
YEAH, REBOOK MS. TATUM
FOR SURGERY.
NO, D-DR. BAYLOW,
YOU WANTED TO GO IN
AND EXPLORE HER OBSTRUCTION.
SHE DOESN'T HAVE
ANY SIGNS OF ADHESIONS.
LOOK, JUST BECAUSE SHE'S HAD
PREVIOUS SURGERIES
DOESN'T MEAN THAT YOU SHOULDN'T
ACTUALLY LOOK FOR ANOTHER CAUSE.
SHE HAS A PSEUDO-OBSTRUCTION
THAT COULD BE RESOLVED
WITH AN N.G. TUBE.
AND IF YOU'D LOOKED FURTHER
AND I-I DON'T KNOW,
TALKED TO YOUR PATIENT,
YOU WOULD'VE DISCOVERED THAT
ALONG WITH ABDOMINAL PAIN,
SHE ALSO HAD,
UH, WEAKNESS, PALPITATIONS,
NUMBNESS, UH, SKIN CHANGES
AND HER URINE
IS INTERMITTENTLY DARK.
RINGING ANY BELLS YET?
YOUR PATIENT, WHO'S BEEN SLICED
NINE WAYS TO SUNDAY,
HAS PORPHYRIA.
IF YOU HAD
DIAGNOSED IT EARLIER,
SHE COULD'VE AVOIDED
GETTING HER OVARIES TAKEN OUT
AND HER GALLBLADDER AND--
YES, YES,
I TOOK OUT HER APPENDIX,
AND I, TOO, AM AT FAULT FOR NOT
LOOKING AT THE WHOLE PERSON.
BUT YOU KNOW THE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN YOU AND ME?
I LEARNED SOMETHING FROM IT.
I LEARNED WHEN NOT TO CUT.
I LEARNED
TO LISTEN TO MY PATIENT.
HOW COULD YOU HAVE NOT LEARNED
IN THREE YEARS
WHAT TOOK ME
THREE MONTHS TO LEARN?
DR. BAILEY.
AND THE REASON
I HAD HER CHART
WAS BECAUSE
YOU IGNORED MY PAGES
AND SHE NEEDS TO GET STARTED
ON HEMIN RIGHT AWAY.
YOU PUT IT IN HER I.V.
YOU GIVE IT TO HER DAILY
FOR FOUR DAYS...
DR. BAILEY.
THE PATIENT GETS BETTER.
THE PATIENT DOESN'T GET PRODDED,
PROBED, SCOPED
OR CUT OPEN
LIKE A THANKSGIVING TURKEY,
YOU SUPERCILIOUS FOOL!
DR. BAILEY.
(whimpers)
MY OFFICE.
NOW.
♪ LET YOUR EYES GO ♪
WE DID A SERIES
OF SHORTER SURGERIES
SO HIS LUNGS AND HEART
COULD WITHSTAND THE ANESTHESIA.
IT WAS GRUELING FOR THE PATIENT,
BUT WORTH IT IN THE END.
SHOW 'EM THE X-RAYS.
OH, YEAH. SO COOL.
OKAY, UM...
THESE ARE THE BEFORE.
AND THESE ARE THE AFTER.
(murmuring)
(speaks indistinctly)
(Cristina) WOW. YEAH.
UM...
(laughs)
YEAH, IT WAS...
IT WAS AMAZING.
I MEAN,
AFTER THE FINAL SURGERY,
WE WERE JUST...
AND, UH, WE CELEBRATED
THAT NIGHT.
MAN, DID WE EVER CELEBRATE.
♪♪
(moaning)
MM. WAIT.
CONE OF SILENCE.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
WHATEVER.
♪♪
(cheers and applause)
(Miranda) I KNEW
I WAS IN BIG TROUBLE.
NOW IT IS MY JOB
TO MAKE SURE THAT MY RESIDENTS
ARE SUPPORTED
AND TREATED WITH RESPECT.
OF COURSE,
AND I'M SO SORRY--
YOU HAVE SAID ENOUGH
FOR ONE DAY.
SORRY.
IT'S MY JOB.
SO WE ARE GONNA SIT HERE
WITH YOU WEARING
THAT TERRIFIED LOOK
ON YOUR FACE
FOR A RESPECTABLE AMOUNT
OF TIME
SO THAT DR. BAYLOW
AND HER FRIENDS CAN ASSUME
YOU ARE HAVING YOUR BEHIND
HANDED TO YOU ON A PLATTER.
♪♪
YOU'RE GONNA MAKE
A HELL OF A SURGEON,
DR. BAILEY.
(exhales)
LOSE THE SMILE.
(song stops)
(Richard) WELL, THE PATIENT
SURVIVED THE SURGERY.
BUT EIGHT MONTHS LATER,
HE CAME BACK
WITH P.C.P. PNEUMONIA.
(indistinct murmurs)
HE DIED A WEEK LATER.
DR. GREY AND I...
WELL, UM...
I WON'T SPEAK FOR HER.
BUT I LOST THE SENSE
THAT I WAS A SUPERHERO.
AND I REALLY STARTED TO THINK
OF HOW DANGEROUS IT ALL WAS.
IT CHANGES YOU... THIS WORK.
YOUR PATIENTS,
YOUR COLLEAGUES...
YOU CHANGE EACH OTHER.
YOU DON'T EVER THINK
YOU'LL LOSE YOUR WAY.
BUT WHAT HAPPENS
IN THIS HOSPITAL...
JUST REMEMBER
WHY YOU CAME HERE.
YOU SAID IT THE DAY
YOU GRADUATED FROM MED SCHOOL.
YOU TOOK
THE PHYSICIAN'S OATH.
REMEMBER IT.
TAPE IT TO YOUR LOCKER,
TO YOUR BATHROOM MIRROR...
'CAUSE IT IS TOO EASY
TO LOSE YOUR WAY.
I SOLEMNLY PLEDGE
TO CONSECRATE MY LIFE
TO THE SERVICE OF HUMANITY.
I WILL GIVE TO MY TEACHERS...
THE RESPECT AND GRATITUDE
THAT IS THEIR DUE.
(mouthing words)
I WILL PRACTICE MY PROFESSION
WITH CONSCIENCE AND DIGNITY.
THE HEALTH OF MY PATIENTS
WILL BE
MY NUMBER ONE CONSIDERATION.
I WILL RESPECT THE SECRETS
THAT ARE CONFIDED IN ME
EVEN AFTER MY PATIENT HAS DIED.
(Richard) I WILL MAINTAIN,
BY ALL THE MEANS IN MY POWER...
THE HONOR
AND THE NOBLE TRADITIONS
OF THE MEDICAL PROFESSION.
MY COLLEAGUES WILL BE
MY SISTERS AND BROTHERS.
(monitor beeps)
(speaking inaudibly)
I WILL NOT PERMIT
CONSIDERATIONS OF AGE,
DISEASE OR DISABILITY...
(labored breathing)
CREED...
ETHNIC ORIGIN...
GENDER...
RACE...
POLITICAL AFFILIATION...
NATIONALITY...
SEXUAL ORIENTATION...
SOCIAL STANDING...
(labored breathing continues)
OR ANY OTHER FACTOR
TO INTERVENE
BETWEEN MY DUTY...
(breathing begins to slow)
AND MY PATIENT.
(monitor emitting
continuous tone)
I WILL MAINTAIN
THE UTMOST RESPECT
FOR HUMAN LIFE.
I WILL NOT USE
MY MEDICAL KNOWLEDGE
TO VIOLATE HUMAN RIGHTS
AND CIVIL LIBERTIES,
EVEN UNDER THREAT.
I MAKE THESE PROMISES
SOLEMNLY...
FREELY...
AND UPON MY HONOR.
(cheers and applause)
(thunder rumbling)
(Lissie's "Everywhere I Go"
playing)
♪ AND I FALL ♪
THE JOB OFFER STILL STANDS.
THINK ABOUT IT.
LET ME KNOW.
♪ HOW'S THE WAY TO BE ♪
♪ TELL HOW'S THE WAY TO GO ♪
WE'LL SEE.
♪ TELL ME
ALL THAT I SHOULD KNOW ♪
(thunder continues)
♪ AND I FALL ♪
♪ ON MY KNEES ♪
TO PHILIP.
MAY HE REST IN PEACE.
YOU CAN'T TOAST
A DEAD IRISHMAN
WITH A SODA POP,
RICHARD.
GET THIS MAN A VODKA,
FRANKIE.
(man) OH, YEAH.
COMING RIGHT UP.
YOU KNOW I CAN'T STAND
THE TASTE OF THAT STUFF.
IT'S TIME TO LEARN.
YOU'RE A GROWN-UP,
RICHARD.
IT'S TIME TO ACT LIKE IT.
♪ EVERYWHERE I GO ♪
♪ ANGELS... ♪
I CAN'T LEAVE HER,
ELLIS.
♪ ...FOLLOW ME NOW ♪
I CAN'T.
WE'LL SEE.
♪ ANGELS WILL CALL ON ME ♪
♪ AND TAKE ME TO MY HOME ♪
♪ AND ANGEL ♪
♪ WILL FOLLOW ME NOW ♪
♪ EVERYWHERE I GO ♪
♪ AND ANGELS
WILL FOLLOW ME NOW... ♪